no gear solid 5 might be the most metal
yurius metal gear game ever it takes
place in 1984 uses a bunch of technology
that could possibly exist at the time
and adds a bunch of new features it also
looks great maybe want to steal the
controller of the demonstrators hands
as a longtime metal gear head which is a
term of just insanity the most
interesting thing to me was learning
what they were going to change and I
don't think any change is bigger than
the new open world design but in the
phantom pain open more probably doesn't
mean what you think it means it's not
like Grand Theft Auto where there's one
large map you can explore it any kind
instead there are large open islands not
of the literal kind that you have more
freedom to move around than ever before
as a guy who loves stealth this sort of
corridor and room free approach to
designs sounds pretty great for those of
you new to the series are those
uninterested in the often plotting paths
to find everything that could be a
problem it sure was for a bunch of
people who play ground zeroes and
speaking of weird things in Metal Gear
Solid 5 the phantom pain you have to
play a bad guy getting better series
creator Hideo Kojima knows that not
being the hero is a potential problem so
he's trying to blunt that inescapable
fact with story he thinks it's like
watching Breaking Bad's Walter White
even though it's rotten you get to
experience the journey with him there's
something kind of interesting about that
plus if you take the time and sort of
play it as intended you'll apparently
get to discover what made big boss such
a jerk ok let's talk about something
else weird to a greater extent than I
think most other games Metal Gear is the
product of a single creator but he said
something interesting after the gameplay
demo we watched being a successful
triple-a developer doesn't mean this
games become easier to make sure as
games get bigger so does the potential
payoff but so does the risk his
challenge he said is to keep making good
games with the authorship maybe read
weirdness there that has come to define
him and them the phantom pain feels like
a game designed for metal near man's
luck it's a kajima joint it's weird it's
nonsensical it's fun and how could it be
anything else everything I saw from
snakes weird prosthetic and to the blue
he attaches to soldiers on the
battlefield made me think like this is
another metal gear game I need to play
it now I'm just not sure honestly how
many new people that's going to bring
into the fold but i'll be there